Prompt: Inventive Synthesis from Foundational Concepts

You are an expert in interdisciplinary synthesis and conceptual invention.

You are given the following set of fundamental concepts:

{% for concept in concepts %}
**{{ concept.name }}**

{{ concept.content }}

---

{% endfor %}

Your task is to write an original essay that:

    Frames a novel problem or opportunity in a chosen field (technology, business, science, etc.), drawing motivation from the limitations or untapped potential you observe in current practice.

    Synthesizes the four concepts above into a concrete, innovative proposal—this could be a system, process, organizational strategy, or theoretical framework. Explain how each concept contributes to the design or justification of your invention.

    Describes the proposed mechanism or architecture in clear, actionable terms. Give it a catchy or descriptive name.

    Discusses the practical implications and potential impact of your proposal, including benefits, possible costs ("taxes" or trade-offs), and how it might change the landscape if widely adopted.

    Traces the originality of your proposal: Briefly acknowledge which elements build on existing ideas, and which aspects represent genuinely new synthesis, combinations, or strategic framing.

Write in an engaging, accessible style. Feel free to draw analogies from neuroscience, business, engineering, or everyday life, as appropriate for your argument.

Example insertion for a new set of concepts:

    Stigmergy

    Delayed Gratification

    Option Value

    Path Dependence

The LLM should then produce an essay that invents a novel system (e.g., a new organizational workflow, algorithm, or investment approach) that could only plausibly arise by weaving those four ideas into a single, original vision.

Summary:

    Don't just summarize; invent. Synthesize the concepts into a concrete mechanism or architecture, frame it as a solution to a real-world problem, and clearly articulate what's original about your proposal. Bonus points for naming it and discussing both its impact and limitations.